Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Curl your fingers.
Curve.
Peter?
I heard something.
What?
Peter?
What time is it?
What did you hear?
Come on.
This one?
Hmm.
I don’t hear anything.
Do you?
This is an old house.
There’s bound to be bumps
in the night.
Come to bed.
You have a great. big.
beautiful imagination.
And all those scary things?
They’re just
in your head.
You’ll get more
at recess.
All right. settle. Settle.
Students.
This is Miss Devine.
She’ll be your
substitute teacher
until Mrs. Bitler comes back.
Good luck.
Good morning.
As your principal just said.
my name is Miss Devine.
I look forward
to getting to know
each and every one of you.
Peter.
Recess is coming.
Okay...
Oh!
Hi. Um...
Peter.
You’re supposed
to be at recess.
I don’t like recess.
You don’t want to play
with your friends?
Okay. You can stay here.
Yeah. you can help me
with the decorations.
I love Halloween.
Do you know
what you’re going as?
Well. you have plenty of time
to figure it out.
Look. it’s okay.
It’s okay.
It’s okay. Here.
Um...
Yeah. and take this
and slide it under. okay?
It’s okay.
Yeah.
There you go.
Like that.
Pick it up. We’re gonna
take this to the window.
Um...
What am I gonna be
for Halloween?
I want to dress up.
I want to trick-or-treat.
All the other kids
at school get to do it.
And we’re not
their parents.
Hey. Pete.
You know the old house
down the end of the lane.
with the boarded windows?
He’s going
to find out eventually.
Carol.
What?
Well. a few years ago.
before you were born.
the little girl
that lived there.
she vanished
on Halloween.
What happened?
Well.
nobody knows.
She went out
trick-or-treating
and she disappeared.
It was a very traumatic event.
For everybody
in the neighborhood.
And I. personally.
don’t like remembering it.
Am I gonna disappear?
Oh. Peter.
Of course not. honey. No.
We would never let that
happen to you. Ever.
Okay?
Peter.
Daddy!
No. Peter.
Don’t tell him.
Daddy!
Peter.
Pete?
What’s going on?
I heard something again.
Peter.
I really did. though.
All right.
and. uh. from where?
Okay.
You know what?
I bet it’s rats.
But I’ve got something
that’ll take care of that.
Rats?
It smells like cinnamon.
Well. be careful.
Not everything is as sweet
as it seems.
They eat it?
That’s the idea.
Then what?
Well...
Pete. we can’t have rats.
They bite. They...
They spread disease.
Not to mention.
keep you up all hours
of the night.
Mm-hmm?
I guess.
Look.
Sometimes. you have
to make tough decisions
to protect your family.
You understand?
Mm-hmm.
"Throws
his shadow on the floor.
"And my soul
from out that shadow
"that lies floating
on the floor.
"shall be lifted...
"nevermore."
May I help you?
Uh. are you Peter’s mom?
Yes...
Sorry for showing up
like this. uninvited.
I’m Peter’s teacher.
Substitute.
Of course. he did mention
that he had a substitute.
Never known one
to make house calls.
Yeah. I just wanted
to come over
and... and check
on him personally.
Hmm. I was a teacher myself.
That was before I...
I became a mother.
Is he all right?
Peter? Yes.
Um...
I... I did want
to show you something.
What’s this?
The children were drawing
for Halloween.
Peter painted this?
Yes. Yes.
The other children drew monsters
and witches. but Peter...
I see.
Huh. Well.
this is embarrassing.
You see. Peter has
an overactive imagination.
He still wakes
his father and I up
in the middle of the night
with all of his little flights
of fancy which. uh.
which is all this picture is.
I do appreciate
your concern though.
What is this?
A drawing.
A drawing of what?
This is your room. Peter.
Why are you asking for help?
I’m not.
Why are you asking strangers
for help. Peter?
I’m not.
She is.
What was that?
It’s just a scary drawing. Mom.
Oh. that imagination
of yours. Peter.
It’s going to get you
into trouble one day.
Wake up. Peter.
Peter.
Don’t be scared.
I just want to talk.
Please be quiet.
I’m imagining you.
You’re not real.
Maybe. maybe not.
But it seems to me
like you could use a friend.
I know I could.
But if you don’t want one.
I’ll just leave.
Wait.
don’t go.
I’m sorry.
Please stay.
Are you sure?
Yes. we can talk.
Peter. this is great.
What’s his name?
Hector.
Of course.
He looks like a Hector.
This one’s
my favorite.
Shh.
Stop!
Please!
Peter. Are you there?
Are you okay?
Why are you crying?
Did someone hurt you?
Mm.
Brian.
He shoves me down
every day.
I was afraid
of something like that.
But I believe in you. Peter.
Mm.
I bet
you’re strong enough
to stand up for yourself.
If you just try.
Busted.
I’m sorry. Peter.
That was very nice
of Brian. wasn’t it.
Peter?
Show him
you’re not afraid anymore.
Make him
afraid of you.
You have to push back.
Peter!
Why are you...
Help!
I don’t understand how
this could have happened!
Peter has never done
anything like this before!
He doesn’t have a violent bone
in his body!
It was an accident.
I’m sure of it.
Expelled?
Do you have anything
to say for yourself. Peter?
Peter?
I didn’t mean for him
to fall down the stairs.
For God’s sakes.
We are not a family
that solves our problems
with violence. Peter.
Ever.
I don’t understand
where this kind of
behavior comes from!
Peter drew a picture.
For school.
What?
I’m sorry.
I know that I should have
told you earlier.
But I...
Hold on. hold on.
What kind of picture?
What kind of picture.
Carol?
A child.
A child asking for help.
What?
I knew that you would
jump to conclusions.
You’re only telling me
this now?
And it’s just not possible.
Okay. stop.
Even when I tell you about...
Stop.
Peter. Why would you
draw a picture like that?
Peter!
Because I really heard her!
No. you did not! No!
You’re grounded.
Okay. Peter.
Go to your room.
No. no. no! Carol.
he’s grounded.
He’s going
in the basement.
Now.
Stand up.
I said. stand up.
Get up.
Go.
Mom?
Sit.
We’re doing this
because we love you.
Because we love you.
Hello?
Are you there?
Please talk to me.
What a stupid thing.
God damn it!
Why won’t you work?
You went
to a student’s house?
I did.
I wanted to make sure
that Peter was okay.
Is he showing up
with bruises?
No. not that I can see.
Does he wet himself?
Is he talking about sex
or other things a boy his age
shouldn’t know about?
No.
Then. unfortunately.
there’s nothing we can do.
There are a lot of Peters.
Delicate little kids
you want to protect
from life’s cruelties.
but you can’t get
personally invested.
You’ll be eaten alive.
You’ve met his parents?
His mother. there’s something...
off about her.
There’s a child
that disappeared
from their neighborhood
years ago.
Something like that
would make any parent overprotective.
Hello.
Hi.
I have Peter’s
last math quiz.
I thought you should have it.
He only missed two.
Thank you for coming by.
Uh...
Hi. there.
Honey. this is
Miss Devine.
Peter’s former teacher.
Nice to meet you.
She was just coming by
to drop off his last
math test.
That’s wonderful.
We can hang it on the fridge.
Please. come in.
We just made coffee.
This way.
Have a seat.
Thanks.
Here you go.
You’re bleeding.
Oh. I’m just doing
some remodeling.
Loose nail.
Don’t worry about it.
Uh. well. since I’m here.
I just want to express
how sorry I am
about what happened. Aw.
That’s very.
very sweet of you.
But honestly.
no apology necessary.
Peter is a spirited boy.
Uh. do you have any idea
where Peter will be going
to school?
Of course.
we do.
Here. At home.
Oh.
Carol is the best teacher
Peter could ever have.
What? You don’t think
that’s a good idea?
Uh...
I just think that.
um.
given his behavior.
he might benefit
from an environment
more suited toward
his needs?
No. we’re not going
to give our son away.
Thank you.
No. No.
No. No. we’re not.
Family is what he needs.
Family’s what
he’s gonna get.
Where is he?
He’s grounded.
In his room.
May I see him?
No. you may not.
I don’t think
it’s appropriate.
I would just like
to say goodbye.
What is your interest
in our son?
You’re no longer his teacher.
So. I... I don’t...
It’s very strange to me
that you continue
to show up at our house.
I just wanted to make sure
he was all right.
I’m sorry.
"that he was all right"?
You think that
Peter’s in danger?
Do you think that
I’m the kind of mother
that would harm my child?
Okay.
Honey. It’s okay.
I love Peter.
We love Peter.
With every fiber
of our being.
You don’t know
anything about...
Hey. Hey. enough.
No. No. Before...
How dare you? How dare
you come into our home...
Honey. honey. honey.
Carol. Carol. Stop.
...for you to tell us
what’s best for our son.
She doesn’t...
Listen to me.
What mother gives up
on her child?
Sweetheart. that’s enough.
The audacity
of this woman! This stranger.
You don’t know anything.
Don’t let the opinion
of a stranger upset you.
Enough. Hey. Enough.
No. before I had Peter.
the doctor said...
...Peter’s a miracle...
Help!
...and I would
never give up on him.
I would never give him away.
Never. Peter’s a miracle.
An institute. for what?
Help!
Excuse me. I think
you better leave.
I’m sorry.
This was a mistake.
What is that?
What?
The noise.
The banging.
The washing machine.
Please.
Forgot your keys.
Miss Devine.
Thanks.
You’re welcome.
You can come out now.
Here.
Pumpkin.
For our pumpkin.
Well. Peter.
Have you had time
to think?
About what?
About how I need
to grow up.
Stop acting out.
Stop telling lies.
And no more nightmares.
No more.
We’re very proud of you. Peter.
Things are going to be
different from now on.
You won’t be going back
to school any longer.
I’m gonna be
your teacher now.
That’s right.
Your mom here.
she’s going to teach you
the three R’s. Pete.
You know what they are?
Readin’. Writin’.
and Arithmetic.
Oh...
Okay. I’m sorry.
You’re a good boy. Peter.
Oh. and we love you.
And we forgive you.
Love you too.
Goodnight.
Peter.
See you
in the morning. son.
Good night.
Please talk to me.
Peter.
I was worried about you.
My mom and dad
locked me in the basement.
I knew it.
You have to be careful
with them.
They are not
what they seem.
I want to see you. No.
I’ve been here too long.
You wouldn’t like
the looks of me.
You’ll scream
and get us caught.
No. I won’t.
I promise.
Okay.
There’s a hole
behind the wallpaper.
Do you see it?
Who are you?
I’m your sister.
Hmm?
I’ve been waiting. Peter.
I had to wait till
you were big enough.
Big enough for what?
Big enough
to move the clock
that hides the door.
Big enough to help me escape.
To leave the dark.
To leave the wall.
Please stop.
No. you’re scaring me.
You need to be scared.
Mom and Dad.
they’re evil. Peter.
Now you know.
Your time is coming.
Hello?
Mom?
Peter.
Look what you’ve done
to your mother. Peter.
Peter.
You were screaming
and thrashing around.
Shh.
It’s okay. It was
just a bad dream.
Shh.
Wha...
What was it about?
I...
I don’t remember.
Well. it can’t hurt you now.
If they keep you in their room.
then how are you
talking to me?
I escaped.
I scratched and clawed
my way to you.
Mom and Dad?
They hate me. Peter.
Once they’ve had enough of me.
I’m finished.
They’ll kill me.
And they’ll put you
in the wall.
No.
They wouldn’t do that.
They wouldn’t kill anybody.
No. Peter.
They already have.
You need to see
what’s buried in the garden.
I’ll tell you where.
Peter.
What are you doing?
I was thinking that. um.
I know I can’t go
trick-or-treating.
but maybe we could
carve a pumpkin.
It was Halloween.
Before they locked me
in the wall.
A trick-or-treater came
to the door.
I asked her for help.
And she saw me.
They killed her. Peter.
I don’t want to end up
like that girl.
I’m getting you out of there.
I’m gonna get you out
of there and then.
then we’re gonna run away.
We’re gonna be a family.
A real one.
But how?
I think I know
somebody that can help.
Hello?
Miss Devine?
Peter?
I need your help.
What did you say?
Hello?
Hi. is this Peter’s mom?
It is. Is this Miss Devine?
I think Peter just tried
to call me.
He did. indeed.
Peter was just telling me
how dearly he misses
his teacher.
and so I said.
"Peter. just give her a ring.
"Tell her yourself."
But unfortunately.
his shy streak seems
to have gotten the best of him.
He’s like a little
blushing bride over here.
It’s so cute.
Well. better luck next time.
I suppose.
So sorry to have bothered you.
Have a happy Halloween.
That was bad. Peter.
I’m sorry.
You did a very bad thing.
You called a stranger?
She doesn’t know
best for you.
She doesn’t love you
the way your father and I do.
I am so disappointed in you.
What is that?
It’s nothing!
No.
No...
No. no.
No. No.
No.
What... What did she tell you?
What did she tell you?
It doesn’t matter. Whatever.
Whatever happens now.
it will be your fault.
You just wait until
your father gets home.
Peter.
I heard them.
They know.
They are going
to kill us.
Peter. you have
to do something.
Peter.
Clean house.
That’s all there is to it.
I don’t want to.
We can’t keep finding
temporary solutions.
That is...
I know you’re awake. son.
You get a good night’s sleep.
When I get home tomorrow.
you’ll help me out
in the garden.
There’s a problem
we need to take care of.
It’s black rot.
Killing off the whole garden.
And blight like this.
it spreads fast.
Get rid of it now or...
or all the healthy pumpkins
will get infected.
And we can’t have that.
We’re going
to bury the pumpkins.
and we’re going to hope
that the next crop is better.
Better luck next time.
You understand?
So. I want you
to pick up that shovel
and dig.
Hey. cuz.
this is the house?
Yeah.
Wicked.
Sorry.
Can a family
not eat in peace?
Stop playing
with your food. Peter.
Trick-or-treat!
Go away!
Porch light off?
Yes.
Did you do something different
with the soup tonight?
Did I do something different
with the soup?
Yeah.
No.
I mean. it’s delicious.
It’s great. Right?
It just tastes
a little different.
Hmm.
It smells like...
Smell it.
Yeah. it smells
like cinnamon.
Mm.
Peter.
Peter. Have you done something?
Son. look at me.
Tell me the truth.
What have you done?
What did you do?
You tell me.
Tell me. what did you do?
You hurt my sister.
What did you say?
Oh. my God.
Call 911.
What is going on?
Call 911!
Peter!
Stop!
Peter.
Don’t let her out.
Don’t let her...
out.
Peter. is that you?
Did you do it?
Are they gone?
I don’t know.
I think so.
Do you have the keys?
Yeah.
The clock.
Be careful.
It’s so heavy.
Peter. Are you all right?
I’m okay.
Do you see it?
Do you think you could open it?
Good boy. Peter.
What was it like
watching them die?
Trick-or-treat!
Just like the girl
in the garden.
Hey. Peter!
You alone in there?
We just came by to say hi.
Are they fucking
with us?
Let’s get this done.
Hey. Peter.
Are you here?
We know
you’re in here!
Peter. where the fuck are you?
What the fuck?
Huh?
No!
Brian. my leg!
It’s got my leg.
Brian. help me!
No! No!
No. no!
Brian?
What?
Brian!
What did you say?
Go!
No!
When you were born.
they were so happy.
When I was born.
they screamed.
So. Daddy made me a pit.
Then he made me a cage.
While you were whining
in this warm bed.
I was suffering
among cobwebs and rats.
learning how to climb.
how to bite.
learning how
to make you do what I want.
Trick-or-treat.
Let me go. please!
Help!
You’ll be
safe in here.
Hello?
Peter?
Peter.
Oh.
my fucking God.
What the fuck?
Run!
Peter?
Miss Devine!
Peter.
Miss Devine. run!
Peter! God. Oh. my God.
You have to run.
No. no. I’m not
leaving you here.
You have to get out of here!
What the hell is that thing?
It’s my sister.
She’s coming!
Stand back.
Peter. come on.
Come on. Peter. Come on.
Come on. Peter.
Where are you going?
The keys.
Come on. Go. go.
No!
Why are you
like this?
Not every child can be
as perfect as you. Peter.
I was just
born this way.
And no one loves
a monster.
Peter!
Miss Devine!
I don’t know what you are.
but if you hurt him.
I’ll fucking kill you.
No!
Miss Devine!
Peter!
Please.
You’re my brother.
Peter. let’s go.
Don’t you see. Peter?
It’s in our blood.
You killed Mom and Dad.
You’re just like me.
No!
I’m not like you.
Do you really think this is
gonna keep me down here?
Every night.
when you lie in bed.
you’ll wonder
if you locked the door.
or saw a shadow move.
Every creak.
every groan.
every tap in the wall.
you’ll think of me.
We’re family. Peter.
I will always be with you.
Always.